---
layout: template-nav
title: "Event Search Page"
categories: template
permalink: "/event-search-template"
screenshot-lg: "/assets/img/specs/templates/event-search-lg.png"
screenshot-sm: "/assets/img/specs/templates/landing-sm.png"
layout-type: "Full with Feature"
layout-type-screenshot: "/assets/img/specs/full-feature.png"
prototype-link: "/events-search"
---

__Table Contents:__
* TOC
{:toc}

## Feature Section

Uses [hero pattern]().
- Page Title | h1
- featured image
- Page description | text | 250 character max (ask @christine if this is right)
- Callout section | text | hyperlink

## Body section

Uses [filter partial]().


An accordion acting as a filter to filter through the generated search results. The accordion is located on the left hand side
of the page in desktop view. For smaller screens it is located above the search results area.

Filter includes:
 - dropdown button
 - checkbox selections

Uses [search pattern](/search).

The search field is used to locate specific results within the generated search results.

The search pattern includes:
 - A text input field
 - A submit button

Uses [table]()

The table is used as another filter. This filter is used to determine how many search results are shown and how they are sorted.

The table includes:
 - Span elements acting as labels
 - Text input field
 - Select input field with two options
 - A button

Uses [searcch results]()

The search results are generated by pages directly related to this event search page.
The icon is determined by the type of event.
The date, time, event title, event sponsor, and event description come from data submited into said related page.

Each individual search result includes:
 - Image
 - Event Date | Span
 - Event Time | Span
 - Event title | Hyperlink
 - Event Sponsor | Span
 - Event Description | Span


Uses [page navigation partial]().

The page navigation is used to navigate through the search results. The length of the page navigation is determined
by the number of search results.

The page navigation includes:
 - An fa-chevron-left and the word "Previous" as a hyperlink
 - A button for each individual page in the navigation
 - An fa-chevron right and the word "Next" as a hyperlink
