---
layout: template-nav
title: "Topics"
categories: template
permalink: "/topics-template"
screenshot-lg: "/assets/img/specs/templates/topics.png"
screenshot-sm: "/assets/img/specs/templates/topics-sm.png"
layout-type: "Full with Feature"
layout-type-screenshot: "/assets/img/specs/full-feature.png"
prototype-link: "/topics"
---

__Table Contents:__
* TOC
{:toc}

## Overview
This template is used as a landing page for both Topics and Series. Topic pages are required to have the features section. Series pages can make use of the optional topics. View prototypes for [Topics](/topics) and [Series](/series) to see the differences between the two.

## Page Header
Uses [hero pattern]().
- Page Title - h1
- featured image
- Page description - text - max width 72ex - 500 character max 

## Spotlight
Optional for series type pages. If not uses, space is collapsed.
- Module Title - h2 - 80 characters max
- card body - text + href - 140 characters max


## Feature Section
This module only shows on pages that are tagged as Topics (does not show for Series).

Section Title - h2 - 140 characters max

Uses the [card media pattern](/card-media)

Functionality: 
- Full card clickable
- maximum 3 cards

Each card:
- card image - decoration only, no alt tags
- card title - h3 - 80 character max
- card body - text - 140 character max
- link - url of target page

## Body section
Section Title - h2 - 140 characters max

Uses[card pattern](/card)
Cards data is dynamically generated by pages related to this landing page. The title, body, and link content come from the target pages title, short description, and url.

Functionality: Full card clickable

Each card:
- Card Title - h3
- Card Body - text - 140 characters max
- Card link - url of target page 

## Related Series
Uses the [accordion](accordion) pattern.

Accordion Title - h2 - content: "Related Series"

The [card](/card) is dynamically created from tags that are applied to series pages. Page title, short description, and url are used from the target page to create the links.

## Related Topics
Uses the [accordion](accordion) pattern.

Accordion Title
Section Title - h2 - content: "Related Topics"

The link [card](/card) is dynamically created from tags that are applied to topcs pages. Page title, short description, and url are used from the target page to create the links.


